Spring Boot is a project module on spring that which allows you create, configure and run
both simple and web-based applications. 

It is a spring module tghat provides RAD featgure to the spring framework,
used to create a stand-alone spring based application that you can just run because
it needs min. spring configuration.

Spring Boot is combination of

Spring Framework + Embedded HTTP Servers (Tomcat) and removes XML bean configuration

There is not requirement for XML configuration. It uses convention over config
software desing paradigm that means it decreases the effort of the developer.

	-> DI Features are used in SB
	-> It contains powerful database transaction management
	-> It simplifies integration with other java frameworks like JPA/Hibernate
		ORM struts etc

	-> It reduces the cost and development time of application

Spring Data : Simplifies data access from the relational and NOSQL db

Spring Security : It is a security framework that provides robust security to apps


Pagination/Sorting
Exception Handling in Spring Boot
One to One
One to Many 

relations in Spring Boot JPA

Design Patterns

Revision for MCQs and practical

One to One Relationship : One field in the first entity exactly matches with only one field in the second entity known as one to one relationship. 

In Spring Boot ORM (Object Relational Mapping), we need to use basic annotations to implement 
operations. 

@Table : Maps the entity with the table. If no @Table defined, the default value to be used. 

@Entity : This annotation specifies that the class is an entity. 

@Id : Declares the identifier property for the entity.

@GeneratedValue : This annotation specifies the generation strategies for the values of primary keys

@OneToOne : This @OneToOne annotation used to specify a one-to-one database relationship.

What is the difference between Eager Loading (vs) Lazy Loading

Eager Loading is a loading, in which data of the child table to be loaded automatically when 
the parent table data loaded. 

In Lazy loading when we call the get() method as getStudents() or getCourses() etc. we do, then only we get the child table contents.

Basically

Lazy loading means Fetch when needed

Eager Loading Means fetch immediately

If you specify 

FetchType.LAZY = This does not load the relationships unless you invoke getter method

FetchType.EAGER = This loads all the relationships immediately.

Lazy initialization improves performance by avoiding unnecessary computation and reduce
memory requirements

Eager initialization takes more memory consumption and processing speed is slow

